# 6.20-Meeting
## Meeting with David:

### 1. Delivery to John
After completing the basic demo, a 5-10 minute presentation to John needs to be made via an online meeting or video recording.

### 2. Database corrections
（1）The User table should have a primary key of 'id' to correspond to a unique record to avoid errors arising from changes such as email addresses.  
（2）The data in the HouseData table should be stored directly in the front-end as a configuration file, in e.g. json format. This is because the data in the HouseData table is not subject to add, delete or change operations and does not need to be manipulated via the database. Writing directly to the configuration file also makes it easier for the developer to modify the data.  
（3）The Quiz table needs to have a foreign key to connect to the database so that each user has a corresponding Quiz status.  

### 3. Keeping notes
A record should be kept of each meeting and any particular challenges or particular insights along the way. Because this is the source material for all the stuff that you can then turn into part of your dissertation. It is possible to talk about the technical challenge you faced in the project and how you solved it in an individual report. It's a way to showcase some of the learning you've done in this project.


</br>

## TODO (See kanban for details)
### 1. Godot Learning
### 2. Organization of learning materials and question banks
### 3. Database corrections
### 4. Complete development of the Godot game section
### 5. Completion of the Godot API file

