# 6.6-Meeting
## Meeting with David:

### 1. Timeline
June and July: do the main body of game.  
Early August: test, debug, make changes, add new features, etc.  
Mid-August: make minor changes and write reports.
### 2. Assign everyone's task
Main Modules: Graphics\Database + Server\Learning material\Network  

Everyone starts doing some coding to see if they are good at it or like it, and then decide on each person's task.

You can start with a simple graphical interface, see what features are needed, how it connects to the database, and choose a topic from the learning material to start experimenting with. Then subsequent development can be replicated from there.

Each module may be developed independently. But the tasks, the goals of the different features developed for each module need to be clarified, and the people responsible for each module may need to collaborate to accomplish those goals.


### 3. Interaction interface design
Prototype design  
UI design: building unlocked/unlocked  

How to unlock: learn, answer questions to get currency (e.g. gold) to unlock, or finish learning a module to unlock the corresponding building
### 4. Quiz/Question file
The questions are written in JSON in a fixed format (assuming the questions are only single choice and multiple choice). This makes it easier to modify the content of the questions and enhances portability.  

</br>

## Team Internal Meeting:
### 1. Learning materials organization
Each person is responsible for a module from which they select topics suitable for use as game-based learning materials. Grab the text and other content from it as learning material and organize the topics for the quiz：

- [ALLOCATION\]  
Siru Zhang: IBM Security  
Hanyu Li: IBM Cloud  
Kathy Zhang: Artificial Intelligence  
Xufeng Yin: Data Science  
Yue Wang: IBM Engineering

### 2. Database design
It is basically divided into two parts: the user form and the game form. The user form stores basic information about the user and connects to the game form by ID. The game form is mainly divided into two parts, Map and Building, which are used to store the status of buildings on the map and the properties of each building respectively.   
(See database design for details)
### 3. Numerical design
The main points are: (1) the rewards and attribute bonuses obtained after the completion of each learning module (2) the construction time of each building, the bonuses to the city (3) the bonuses of each attribute to the construction of the city, etc.   
Detailed planning is needed for the follow-up.
### 4. Model Selection
Preferably 2.5D mapping, need to be considered suitable for the game, easy to implant. 


Buildings need to be upgraded, so each building needs to have two or three matching models.  


Needs animations for building construction.
### 5. Multiplayer
Each player faces only his own mini-map (the mini-map uses the concept of a pseudo-infinite map, which can be, for example, 1000x1000 in size) and does not conflict or overlap with other players' maps.  


It is possible to tap into other players' maps through leaderboards.  
Leaderboards are ranked by a certain attribute in the game (e.g. gold, experience, etc., undefined). AI virtual players can be added to populate the leaderboard when the number of players is low.


</br>

## TODO (See kanban for details)
### 1. Godot Learning
### 2. Prototype design
### 3. Game background, planning, numerical design
### 4. Database design
### 5. Organization of learning materials and question banks
### 6. Determine the model mapping to be used


