# 7.19-Meeting
## Meeting with David:

### 1. Time System
#### 1.1 How to read the time to count gold?
We need to create a regularly updated object in Godot that is called whenever the time needs to be read. In addition there needs to be something that manages gold who basically looks at the current time every time from the loop to see how much time has passed since the last time in the loop. If there are two variables time and old time, then every time the code executes it sets old time to the current version of the time, and then the time is equal to whatever function you used to get the system clock.

When it's offline, it usually works slightly differently when we save the game to the server before logging out when you close the programme. We will say how much gold we currently have and what the current time is. And then when we log into the server again and we get all data from the database, then we check the current time. Subtract that from the time when we last saved divide that by whatever we counter is for one game save for one game day, and then that tells we how many game days have passed since we logged out and if again and then we can just add go proportional to that many days. 

#### 1.2 Does the time in the game have to match the time in reality?
Depending on what we think is best for the game, is the purpose of our game to get gold or buildings up fast enough, or to encourage users to log in a couple times a day, but need to wait a while before they can do something.

No matter what the game is, it's important to encourage players to log in to the game multiple times during the day or week. In a learning game, on the other hand, what we might want the player to do is to log in each day, do a little learning, then leave and come back the next day.

In any case, it depends entirely on the idea of our game design. It's worth thinking about and trying out various approaches, and it's worth writing about in a report.

### 2. Game Saving
This is worth discussing in the report as we thought about many options.

(1) It needs to be stored every time an important action is made (key save point). For example, when the player exits the game, or after an important action has been performed (e.g., after completing a quiz, building a house).

(2) There needs to be an in-game save option that will allow the player to save whenever they want to.

(3) There could also be an automatic save interval, such as every five minutes.

All three of these forms of saving could be done in the game. We need to have a save function with a Timer in it to calculate the time between saving. After each save (whether automatic or manual), the Timer is cleared to zero, and then continues to time for five minutes waiting for the next save.

Additionally, when a save fails, an Failed to Save message should be returned to the user to remind them to try again in a few moments.


### 3. Frontend test
It is always harder and less useful than back end testing. The only way to do it is if we have a testing framework where we can really script things like click on button. What we can do is make a manual testing protocol before our big demo, where we want to talk to our second marker we want to do these 30 steps like set up everything to an empty database/ show creating an account/show logging into an account/show building a building/show doing a learning module.

And then whenever we make like a major change to our code or before we want to present our second marker, we basically go through that list of steps and see Do they all work or does one of them cause a database error or an error exception. We'll go through a list of steps that we've prepared beforehand and we've tested them by hand to see that they work in that order.

### 4. Exception Handling & Usability
When the game talks to the server, error messages should be handled better to improve user usability. When an error is reported, the unsuccessful request should be handled and an error message should be popped up, then the game should be allowed to continue instead of exiting the game.

In addition, attention should be paid to the "usability" aspect of the scoring scheme. For example, more information about mouse hovering, more information about the interaction with the user, etc.



</br>

## TODO (See kanban for details)
### 1. Godot Learning
### 2. Organization of learning materials and question banks
### 3. Learn springboot + MybatisPlus and other frameworks
### 4. Each person completes their own front and back end sections
### 5. Perform data exchange between modules  
( N E W )
### 6. Time system (gold generation)
### 7. Game Saving
### 8. Game Tutorial
### 9. Add IBM Watson AI
### 10. Front & Backend test

