# 7.5-Meeting
## Meeting with David:

### 1. Dissertation
· The focus is on the results we achieved, how we went about achieving them, and our design process. Things like how we communicated with each other, how the solution changed, and all sorts of other big and small things.   
Be good at telling stories. To tell the different design stages, how the process was constantly edited and changed, and everyone's thoughts as if we were writing about the behind-the-scenes production process of a movie. As well as the techniques we used, the challenges we faced and how we solved them. 

· There is no need to make too many useless references. We can refer to references to resources, tutorials, etc. that have been learned and useful, or that give inspiration.We can write what games we referenced and how we were inspired by them, what ideas we got, and what discussions they sparked.

· Reactions to clients can be largely ignored, and updates can be made only to the extent that they work for us (but the process of emailing clients to keep them updated is necessary). It's important to focus on doing what we think is important.

· We should start writing the dissertation four weeks before the deadline. It can be written while developing the game.  
When it is two weeks before the deadline, we should focus our work mainly on writing the dissertation.  
In the last week before deadline, we should do some final editing and proofreading.For example, proofread each other's stuff for spelling errors, edit and discuss, revise and add.

· We can start with a rough structural idea, then divide up the tasks, such as each person doing a sub-part, and finally merge and review together.

</br>

### 2. Deploy to the Cloud
There is a need to deploy to the cloud for easy access by a second marker or others, and to do a separate set of technical challenges on our behalf. Some free trials from Google or Amazon can be used. Note that the database needs to be encrypted and not accessible to the public. We can ask Peter or others for cloud support if needed.


</br>

## TODO (See kanban for details)
### 1. Godot Learning
### 2. Organization of learning materials and question banks
### 3. Learn springboot + MybatisPlus and other frameworks
### 4. Each person completes their own front and back end sections
### 5. Perform data exchange between modules

